README.md, before:

# Discrimy

**THIS TOOL NO LONGER WORKS! IT WAS PATCHED BY DISCORD!**

The purpose of this tool is to farm a account's discriminator until it hits one on a list that you can edit. In order to use this tool, you will need to put your user token and password in config.ini and have Python 3.5 or above and Pip installed. If you want to edit the list that Discrimy will stop farming at, edit discrimlist.ini.

IMPORTANT: Discord are aware of discriminator farmers, and have banned one user for it (I believe it was a different farmer though, I also believe he was bragging about his farmer). We suggest using a alt that is NOT in the Discord API or Discord Developer servers or just generally not being in those servers.

NOTE: If you downloaded this tool before 17:30 BST on 07/06/2017 and you want to upgrade, your config will be out of date and crash the script on launch. You can manually redownload and edit the config.ini again, or I have made a script to automatically upgrade the config, simply put the Python file in the same folder as your old config.ini and run it. You can download that config upgrader at https://jakesplayground.ga/python/upgradeconfig.py.

DISCLAIMER: This tool could be seen as a violation of the Discord TOS. Please use at your own risk. I have not ran on my main user account.

![alt text](http://i.imgur.com/skbVrau.png)

![alt text](http://i.imgur.com/YtbbtMQ.png)
![alt text](http://i.imgur.com/cR1aB3c.png)

Commit message:

Patched to work on new discord releases

README.md, after:

# Discrimy

**You now require a Windows computer running Discord Stable/Canary to use this tool.**

The purpose of this tool is to farm a account's discriminator until it hits one on a list that you can edit. In order to use this tool, you will need to put your user password in config.ini and have Python 3.5 or above and Pip installed. If you want to edit the list that Discrimy will stop farming at, edit discrimlist.ini.

IMPORTANT: Discord are aware of discriminator farmers, and have banned one user for it (I believe it was a different farmer though, I also believe he was bragging about his farmer). We suggest using a alt that is NOT in the Discord API or Discord Developer servers or just generally not being in those servers.

DISCLAIMER: This tool could be seen as a violation of the Discord TOS. Please use at your own risk. I have not ran on my main user account.

![alt text](http://i.imgur.com/skbVrau.png)

![alt text](http://i.imgur.com/YtbbtMQ.png)
![alt text](http://i.imgur.com/cR1aB3c.png)
